post-game analysis is brought to you by
Celtics calm miss selfridge take down
one of the best teams in the league and
the Grizzlies right here at TD Garden on
Wednesday night hi I'm Emily Osment
alongside mark D'Amico mark the Celtics
have been in these crunch time
situations a number of times tonight
they walked away with the victory do
they look more composed on the stretch
to you oh there's no question about it I
mean play after play after play they
made in crunch time against like you
said one of the best teams in the NBA
they're not doing this against Joe Schmo
and one of the you know the Philadelphia
seventy Sixers they're doing it against
a title contender and they come out with
a win tonight Jake Crowder with the huge
three-pointer Marcus smart with a huge
and one in the final 52 seconds and then
Avery Bradley with that square up
face-up jumper over Marcus all those are
winning plays and the Celtics made three
of them tonight to help them knocked off
knock off the Memphis Grizzlies great to
have Avery Bradley back in the lineup
Isaiah Thomas did not play but let's
talk about Brad Stevens what kind of
effective has he had on this team mark
you just said Avery Bradley in the
postgame locker room Avery Bradley said
over and over this we're winning games
because of Brad Stevens Brad Stevens is
making us believe he is instilling
confidence in every single player on
this team and you can see it on the
court every single player plays with
confidence they play hard they play with
energy and now with a little bit of
added skill after all these trades the
Celtics are turning that into wins I
mean he that play that he drew up I'm
talking about a gutsy play it for Marcus
smart 52 seconds left you're down by a
bucket and you call an inbound lob play
to Marcus more I mean no one does that
but Brad Stevens does and it's a winning
play and one play that got the Celtics
to win can't say enough about what Brad
Stevens is doing for this team the
Celtics are on the hunt for the playoffs
every win counts mark but when he beat
one of the best teams in the league does
it taste a little sweeter tonight yeah
absolutely I mean you walk away with
this and you're thinking yeah we just
beat one of the title contenders this
isn't just another win that goes on the
knot they didn't just beat the orlando
magic or the miami heat a team they're
contending
for the eighth seed they beat a title
contender and when the celtics walk out
of this building there you know that and
they're going to have more confidence
moving forward this has grown a team
that is growing with more confidence as
we move forward and i think the other
teams in the league are noticing and
that's why they're falling at the hands
of the Boston Celtics great win for
Boston but the Celtics said in the
locker room they are focused on Orlando
and getting some Redemption on them
right here at TD Garden on Friday night
tipoff is at seven thirty four mark
Tamiko animal a off